hey guys mapa here and I just wanted to
make this video to tell you that as of
today I'm officially sponsored by razor
and i will be using the products they
sent me a razor a Nancy a razer naga
epic laser mcountdown is it an razer
goliathus and i want to thank everyone
who want anything to do with this i want
to thank andrew Philippou for coming up
to me and go like hey we show your video
we want to sponsor you I want to thank
CEO Fraser who actually tried to get in
touch with me although he was very very
busy with stopping Sydney stuff like
that the days that he was trying to get
in touch with me I also want to thank a
theme because if he didn't help with a
video getting all this publicity none of
this would be possible so ya know what
to say this is this is unreal also as
you can see i have unboxed pretty much
everything
and i will be posting every single
unboxing on a video just so you see my
reactions and yeah see you guys next
time